Hello and welcome to this new tutorial in the previous oil we define the architecture of our discriminator.
So now we are one step left to get our second brain.
Before that we need to make the forward function we're going to make a new form function this time for
the brain of the discriminator.
This is going to be almost the same as the forward function we made for the generator.
But there is going to be a slight difference.
A slight trick not to forget to apply.
We'll see that in this tutorial.
All right so let's define a new function that we're going to call again forward.
There is no danger to call it again forward.
And this word function is going to take two arguments the same as before self to refer to the object.
And because we're going to use the metal module main to form propagate the signal inside the neural
network and the second argument is going to be the input of the discriminator neural network.
So keep in mind and keep it well understood the input of the neural network of the discriminator is
an image that is going to be one of the images created by the generator.
All right so an input of three dimensions corresponding to the three channels.
And let's also keep in mind that the output of the discriminator and therefore of this forward function
is a discriminating number is going to be of value between 0 and 1 and that will do the discrimination
according to which a number close to zero will reject the image and the number close to one will accept
the image.
So let's recap.
The process is actually very easy to understand for discriminator the discriminator takes as inputs
an image created by the generator.
And for this image it will decide if it wants to accepted or rejected and to make that decision it will
return the output.
That is the discriminating number between 0 and 1.
And if this output is close to zero it will reject it and if it is close to 1 it will accept it.
So that's why in some way the discriminator is discriminating the creations of the generator.
And so now we perfectly understand the name of what we're implementing the generative adversarial networks.
Well that name is perfectly chosen because the discriminator is an adversary of the generator.
It is like some kind of an adversary judge judging the creations of the generator judging whether they
should be accepted or not.
All right so now we understand clearly what's the input and what's the output.
Let's go inside the function and let's define what we wanted to do.
So the first thing that we need to do is get the output right the output that is returned by the main
METAR module of our object which is referred by self.
So I'm taking my objects self and then I'm taking the main metal module inside which of course I have
to input Well the.
All right the input image and image created by the generator.
So that returns the output and in the end of course we must not forget to return the output because
that's exactly the role of the forward function.
Not only it propagates the signal inside the neural network but also and mostly it returns the output
that is a discriminating value between 0 and 1.
But here comes the little trick that we must not forget here.
If you have guessed about it.
Congratulations.
It's actually slightly technical.
This Trig has to do with the result of the convolutions if we have a better look at the architecture
of the neural network of the discriminator we see that it's actually a sequence of convolutions.
But if you remember how a CNN works that is a convolutional neural network composed of several convolutions
that is exactly what we have right here.
Well at the end of the CNN we need to flatten the result of all the convolutions that is the result
of what we get after applying the last convolution.
So the trick well actually the thing that we have to do now is exactly this flattening we have to flatten
the result of the convolutions and we need to do this so that all the elements of the output are along
one same dimension.
And by the way this time engine corresponds to the dimension of the batch size.
So now the question is how do we flatten using pine torch.
Now that is the result of several convolutions.
Well it's actually very easy once you know the trick we have to add here that.
And then we need to use the View function to which we input minus one.
This means nothing else than we want to flatten the result of the convolutions that at the end or in
2D them mentions into one same dimension along one same flattened vector.
All right.
And that's done.
We are done with the forward function.
So congratulations you have made the architecture of the second brain of the deep convolutional Ganns.
So that's quite a big deal.
And now since the architecture is made we can create as many brains of discriminator as we want and
we'll create one in the next to Tauriel.
Until then enjoy computer vision.